hello 2011 of www.stefanome.it
Today I do some sort of unboxing
more than unboxing some technical news
on my new hydrodynamic founder for
squid fishing think of squid
yes, but keep in mind also fishing
abolished all the fish that
it is also trolling fast
You obviously already have this founder
seen in my video of the brain ai
calamari then I will not dwell too much
on how they work and what else video
only some advice for those who should
buy it for how to use it as
mount it with quick release and I'll describe you
the latest changes and improvements that are
been done then you keep in mind
which you can normally set with one
turn it into one of these three into one of
these holes the mother and in this hole
here another another another
carabiner that will then carry over if
the release clip if you want
use it as a classic founder
of the dynamic but since this
founders of the very normal dynamic not
is i show you how to put it to
Quick release quickly without having
problems then I advise you
especially the trailed squid
thorough also quite important
10 to 20 25 meters that this does not have
afraid to go down to use the
last penultimate hole penultimate hole
you will get one in this case
sky to Allen because I found these
however there are screws in stainless steel
very normal
in this case it is a m3 measure with
the hospital that moves it I look for it here it is
here the lazy man had hidden himself
as with his bolts then vi
procure these sell them in such a lot
pile and no problem 1 release
rapid ariosto using those of the
fabric because they are rigid and work
very
well they cost very little because you knew
that we are from Genoa 15 recall of
save on everything
so once with a tweezer
you have modified the opening of the
you will go to the fabric hook
apply believe you do everything
in front of the camera is not
very easy taking in this
direction here because then he will pull like that
the neighbor the put that we took
here it is inserted you will go to insert
in the hole you want nikkei
I obviously repeat here I have a
brugola unfortunately I found these but
you can find them as art with with one
normal head
go fix the momentum of kane e
positioned in the direction of the water
this is what a straight put
she doesn't like who you prefer not
changes absolutely nothing was
still a little narrow ok we have
prepared our hard founder
because then you will see that remaining rigid
you really take it off the hook
really quickly ok so you
I show this system that you have
seen in the video so I'm not at
replay anything with the dacron vi
I show 1 and 12
ok of course here date will no longer be
long you will leave it at least still
ten centimeters to then be able to then
be able to slip this into the release ok e
you will succeed podium when it arrives in
boat in a manner to say the least
embarrassing from how simple it is
this is let 's say the system with which it is
net release spoke to him veil made to see
in hand quickly to tell you a
another thing of this release another
improvement I've made since the last video
and these little cuts are these
noodles here in time what you need
what is invented is forming me
I practically invented nothing
talking to a fisherman that
approved you tested them you know what
I'd like to have the chance to
make them directional and therefore divergent
and I'd also like to change
the trim when afloat in mona
because you keep in mind that I have
designed this tool because not
come out on the water jumps like
so many other plastic competitors
I'm around, but let go of the tension
on the cane but does not jump on the water in
so that I do not tear the squid
if you want it to come up in a manner
embarrassing out of the water as it does
for example, he does not want to advertise
a brand that starts with k and le di
plastic what do you do
bent here there are practically gods
marked just made on purpose to make the
fold the flaps behind then if
you want it to diverge bend one into the sun in
down depending on the parts you are
part that you want different instead if
you want it to come up faster or
less quickly inclined both
the flaps behind that suffice here is enough
just a plier now you don't
let me show you this here is new me
personally I won't bend them for why
I prefer to keep them straight with one
caliper simply just take it
when with a parrot and bend it
up or down seconds
how you want this to come about is how much
I wanted to remind you that they originate
i am in the am the year stainless and they report
strongly the writing they will also be for
stefano adami ok
I hope I have done something useful and
you like that you managed to go there to
fish have good results
Raid your photos both up
facebook that on twitter as you want e
keep up to date on the catches that
do with my evil tool for i
squid
ok thanks guys the next hello